c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Healthcare.Administrator.dll.config
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Healthcare.Administrator.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Healthcare.Administrator.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Serilog.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Serilog.Sinks.MSSqlServer.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Serilog.Sinks.PeriodicBatching.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Core.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Serilog.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Serilog.Sinks.MSSqlServer.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Serilog.Sinks.PeriodicBatching.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Core.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\obj\Release\Healthcare.Administrator.dll
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\obj\Release\Healthcare.Administrator.pdb
c:\users\sunilp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare.Administrator\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Healthcare.Administrator.XML
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\obj\Release\Healthcare.Administrator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\obj\Release\Healthcare.Administrator.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\obj\Release\Healthcare.Administrator.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Healthcare.Administrator.XML
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Healthcare.Administrator.dll.config
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Healthcare.Administrator.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Healthcare.Administrator.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Owin.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Serilog.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Serilog.Sinks.MSSqlServer.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Serilog.Sinks.PeriodicBatching.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Core.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Container.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Serilog.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Serilog.Sinks.MSSqlServer.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Serilog.Sinks.PeriodicBatching.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Core.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\DeveloperBranch\developer\Healthcare.Administrator\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
